all right let's get a move on people we
are on in seven six three two what okay
people eastern seaboard coming online
the creators of tourists or what's
shakin bacon you lose weight or a limb
take you into the world behind your
closet door you're looking fabulous
today is that a new haircut new makeup
you've had a lift you've had a ton
you've always been afraid monsters were
there's everything scary feet scary feet
but you'd wait waiting to scare us we
scare them do you can't touch a child
they're toxic if a kid ever got through
one of our doors the results would be
catastrophic Disney Pictures presents is
a killing machine a Pixar Animation
Studios film
let's keep it I always wanted to pick
but you tell me are you doing monsters
incorporated it's a musical me so happy
so ugly